.. Social Feed Manager FAQ file

Frequently Asked Questions
==========================

Does Social Feed Manager capture photos and other media embedded in tweets?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

As of version m5, not yet.  But this is something we're looking forward
to implementing in the near term.


How far back in time does SFM go when collecting a TwitterUser's tweets?
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Twitter API only provides up to the most recent 3200 tweets for an
account.  When a new TwitterUser is added in SFM, the user_timeline script
will request as many tweets as the Twitter API can provide, i.e. up to 3200.


Does Social Feed Manager capture the followers list?
----------------------------------------------------

No.  However, the Twitter API does provide a way to retrieve an account's
follower list.


Do I have to set up supervisord in order to use filterstreams or streamsample?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

No, filterstreams and streamsample can be also be run manually using the
*filterstream* and *streamsample* management commands described in the
management commands page.


The number of retweets in a TwitterItem is inconsistent with the
number of retweets shown on the tweet in Twitter.  Why?
-------------------------------------------------------

TwitterItems are created as they appear at the time they are captured
from Twitter.  However, tweets on Twitter can change afterwards; they
can be further retweeted, they can be deleted, etc.  In fact, an advantage
of using SFM is that it takes a snapshot of tweets before, in their
ephemeral neature, they change or disappear!

Currently there is no way to "update" a TwitterItem with any changes that
may have occurred to the corresponding tweet.  This is something we might
consider if there is a use case for it.


Does the SFM web interface provide a way to view the files generated by filterstream and streamsample?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
No.  TODO: What do we recommend for analyzing them?


When I click on the link to view a raw tweet, it's difficult to read in my browser.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
There are a number of broswer plugins available (JSONovich, JSONView, and
others) which improve the way that JSON is displayed.



Troubleshooting
===============

We'll add items to this section as issues arise.


TwitterUserItemUrls is empty.  Why isn't SFM fetching URLS?
-----------------------------------------------------------

Have you set up a cron job to run fetch_urls?


I tried to add a filterstream using the user that I've configured as TWITTER_DEFAULT_USER, but SFM is telling me that Streamsample is also configured to authenticate as that user.  But I'm not using Streamsample!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SFM makes the assumption that streamsample either is being used or may be
used in the future, and streamsample authenticates with the Twitter API using
TWITTER_DEFAULT_USER.  Due to Twitter API's rate limiting, SFM prevents
the possibility of having multiple streams (in this case, streamsample and a
filterstream) simultaneously calling the Twitter streaming API with the same Twitter user name.
